todo_app/README.md, before:

# todo

### Simbolo Flutter Course batch-1 (Assignment 1)

### Assignment 

📃 Add Edit Function

    ❓ You have to resolve all these conditions:
          1. when edit button is clicked, you can update todo item's title and description
          2. when saved, updated todo item should replace the old one


📃 Add Delete Function

    ❓ You have to resolve all these conditions:
          1. when delete button is clicked, a dialog or bottom sheet or a new page should appear
          2. you'll have to confirm to delete or cancel to delete
          3. deleted todo item should disappear from Tasks Page

#### ⚠️⚠️ All edited todo items and deleted todo items should update _todos list from TodoList class

### Completed Features
✅ Todo List Page
✅ Completed Todo List Page
✅ Todo Items Info Bottom Sheet
✅ Add new Todo Item Page

## Instructions

👾 How to create Flutter project

- create project command `flutter create --org com.yourdomain project_name`
- run project command `flutter run`

❓ How to run this project

- First install `git` commandline
  (either)
- Clone this project `git clone https://github.com/YeLwinOo-Steve/simbolo_flutter_batch_1.git`
  (or)
- Download zip file
- Navigate to `todo_app` project
- Run command `flutter run`

🪶 Features

- Basic Navigation (RouteGenerator)
- Basic Widgets
- States
- Layouts

Commit message:

📝 Updated: documentation and code files

todo_app/README.md, after:

# todo

### **Simbolo** Flutter Course batch-2 (Assignment 2)

### Assignment 

📃 Add Edit Function

    ❓ You have to resolve all these conditions:
          1. when edit button is clicked, you can update todo item's title and description
          2. when saved, updated todo item should replace the old one


📃 Add Delete Function

    ❓ You have to resolve all these conditions:
          1. when delete button is clicked, a dialog or bottom sheet or a new page should appear
          2. you'll have to confirm to delete or cancel to delete
          3. deleted todo item should disappear from Tasks Page
🏪 Add local storage
    
    ❓ You have to resolve all these conditions:
          1. Do **CRUD functions** to all TodoModel list in a local database [ sqflite ]
          2. you can safely remove `TodoList` list in `todo_list.dart` file 

#### ⚠️⚠️ All edited todo items and deleted todo items should update _todos list from TodoList class

### Completed Features
✅ Todo List Page
✅ Completed Todo List Page
✅ Todo Items Info Bottom Sheet
✅ Add new Todo Item Page

## Instructions

👾 How to create Flutter project

- create project command `flutter create --org com.yourdomain project_name`
- run project command `flutter run`

❓ How to run this project

- First install `git` commandline
  (either)
- Clone this project `git clone https://github.com/YeLwinOo-Steve/simbolo_flutter_batch_2.git`
  (or)
- Download zip file
- Navigate to `todo_app` project
- Run command `flutter run`

🪶 Features

- Basic Navigation (RouteGenerator)
- Basic Widgets
- States
- Layouts

> If you stuck, my comments in the code files will guild you. Otherwise, you can ask me directly
